Updated Xamarin.Essentials: Contacts (#3152)
MicrosoftDocs/xamarin-docs: docs/essentials/contacts.md

    if(contact == null)
        return;

    var id = contact.Id;
    var namePrefix = contact.NamePrefix;
    var givenName = contact.GivenName;
    var middleName = contact.MiddleName;
    var familyName = contact.FamilyName;
    var nameSuffix = contact.NameSuffix;
    var displayName = contact.DisplayName;
    var phones = contact.Phones; // List of phone numbers
    var emails = contact.Emails; // List of email addresses
}
catch (Exception ex)
{
    // Handle exception here.
}
```

## Getting All Contacts

```csharp
ObservableCollection<Contact> contactsCollect = new ObservableCollection<Contact>();

try
{
    // cancellationToken parameter is optional
    var cancellationToken = default(CancellationToken);
    var contacts = await Contacts.GetAllAsync(cancellationToken);

    if (contacts == null)
        return;

    foreach (var contact in contacts)
        contactsCollect.Add(contact);
}
catch (Exception ex)
{
    // Handle exception here.
}
```

## Platform Differences

# [Android](#tab/android)

> - The `cancellationToken` parameter in the `GetAllAsync` method is only used on UWP

Reviewer: We probably don't have to actually mention this.

Author: I do not know, I think we can leave it at that

# [iOS](#tab/ios)

- The `cancellationToken` parameter in the `GetAllAsync` method is only used on UWP

> - The ios platform does not have the DiasplayName implementation, so the `Contact.DiasplayName` is always `GivenName + FamilyName`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The iOS platform does not support the `DisplayName` property natively, thus the `DisplayName` value is constructed as "GivenName FamilyName".
```
